# Virtual PC
 
Implemented using Java (Swing), JDBC (connect to Database) Database: - MySQL (phpMyAdmin)

This project is a desktop based application. Built an Operating System - Virtual Machine where our system would have various small applications like calculator, calendar, alarm clock, stop watch, mailbox, etc. We have the Task Manager as it is one of the OS concept in our system. Apart from this we have also implemented the conecpt of caching. Only that application which would be used the most no. of times by the user would be present in the cache memory. The main intention to go for this project is that to understand the OS concepts to the users in a more practical and in fun way. This can be useful to those who don't have any computer knowledege. As just by reading the concepts they won't get it. So using our VM, they can get the live demo of how the OS allots memory and releases it. Also they would understand the concept of caching Each of these applications which I mentioned would take some amount of memory consumption and CPUs attention. So to manage the memory and CPU along with the applications we have come up with a app named Task Manager where we can monitor the memory consumption and the CPUs attention to each of the opened apps. The task manager also keeps the track of the no. of tabs opened and thus updates the CPU and memory consumption accordingly in the task manager. We have tried to make it dynamic so that if any tab is opened or closed then the values would be affected then and there. Similarly if any tab is closed so, that much amount of CPUs attention would be released and parallely the memory would also be released which was alloted to that app. Also, we have set a limit of RAM. So, if the RAM size exceeds the limit and if we try to open another app, then from among the apps opened the app which has less priority would be closed and the new app will be opened.
